[docs] Add ysql_num_shards_per_tserver and update yb_num_shards_per_tserver (#3925)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/latest/api/ysql/commands/ddl_create_table.md

Using this qualifier will create a temporary table. Temporary tables are only visible in the current client session or transaction in which they are created and are automatically dropped at the end of the session or transaction. Any indexes created on temporary tables are temporary as well.

### SPLIT INTO

> The `SPLIT INTO` clause specifies the number of tablets that will be created for the table. Pre-splitting tablets, using `SPLIT INTO`, distributes write and read workloads on a production cluster. For example, if you have 30 servers, splitting the table into 30 tablets prepares the cluster for maximum write loads. For an example, see [Create a table specifying the number of tablets](#create-a-table-specifying-the-number-of-tablets).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `SPLIT INTO` clause specifies the number of tablets that will be created for the table. Pre-splitting tablets, using `SPLIT INTO`, distributes write and read workloads on a production cluster. For example, if you have 3 servers, splitting the table into 30 tablets can provide write throughput on the table. For an example, see [Create a table specifying the number of tablets](#create-a-table-specifying-the-number-of-tablets).
```

{{< note title="Note" >}}

> The `SPLIT INTO` clause overrides the YB-TServer and YB-Master [`--ysql_num_shards_per_tserver`](../../../../reference/configuration/yb-tserver/#ysql-num-shards-per-tserver) configuration option on a per-table basis.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, yugabyteDB pre-splits a table in `ysql_num_shards_per_tserver * num_of_tserver` shards. The `SPLIT INTO` clause can be used to override that setting on a per-table basis.
```

### Split Into

> The `SPLIT INTO` clause specifies the number of tablets that will be created for the table. This is useful for two data center (2DC) deployments. See example below: [Create CDC table specifying number of tablets](#create-cdc-table-specifying-number-of-tablets). 

Reviewer: Lets remove the 2DC reference from the description here because it makes it seem like it's just for 2DC which is not the case. Similarly, in the example below too, you don't need to explicitly say 2DC.

Author: done

> The `SPLIT INTO` clause specifies the number of tablets that will be created for the table. This is useful for two data center (2DC) deployments. See example below: [Create CDC table specifying number of tablets](#create-cdc-table-specifying-number-of-tablets). 

Reviewer 2: I think this should mention more that pre-splitting helps with spread write/read loads on a production cluster.
When you have 30 servers, you use say, 30 tablets, and it will be ready for full write load.

Author: Good idea. Done.

                                     message_txt text);
```

### Create a table specifying the number of tablets

To specify the number of tablets for a table, you can use the `CREATE TABLE` statement with the [`SPLIT INTO`](#split-into) clause.

```postgresql

> yugabyte=# CREATE TABLE tracking (id int PRIMARY KEY) SPLIT (INTO 10 TABLETS);

Reviewer: Please change to `SPLIT INTO 10 TABLETS`.
We have made parenthesis optional and are trying to move away from that.

Author: Got it -- fixed.
